I was just messing around. Xutian Sect.
He pretended to be the chairman of the board. Ouda, my son still dares to hit me?
I taught him a lesson, why should I be fooling around?
I have met the chairman and he is no longer unconcerned.
Dead, impossible. This pair is impossible.
He is guilty of incompetence after having established a family for three years.
How could he be the chairman of Zhenlong Group?
Xutian Sect. No kidding, make no mistake.
yes. For the first time, I went to the provincial capital for several meetings,
Sorry, Chairman, Gao Xiang bumped into you.
You do have a sin that cannot be recommended
It's like you are evil but not sinful
He always takes advantage of the company's criminals
Let him be one of the parties
These things are only for your work
Of course, try it without me
Yes, my subordinates have nothing to do with it.
Misunderstanding Director misunderstanding
I immediately followed him and convinced me
But I already gave you a chance
You are not sincere about this